EX-99.2
3
dp220822_ex9902.htm
EXHIBIT 99.2

Exhibit
99.2

|

XP Inc. Announces Cash Dividend

São Paulo, Brazil,
November 19, 2024 – XP Inc. (Nasdaq: XP), a leading, technology-driven platform and a trusted provider of low-fee financial
products and services in Brazil, announced today that its Board of Directors has approved payment of a cash dividend of US$0.65 per common
share. The dividend will be payable on December 18, 2024, to shareholders of record as of December 10, 2024.

About XP

XP is a leading, technology-driven
platform and a trusted provider of low-fee financial products and services in Brazil. XP’s mission is to disintermediate the legacy
models of traditional financial institutions by:

| · | Educating new classes of investors; |

| · | Democratizing access to a wider range of financial
services; |

| · | Developing new financial products and technology
applications to empower clients; and |

| · | Providing high-quality customer service and client
experience in the industry in Brazil. |

XP provides customers with two
principal types of offerings, (i) financial advisory services for retail clients in Brazil, high-net-worth clients, international clients
and corporate and institutional clients, and (ii) an open financial product platform providing access to over 800 investment products
including equity and fixed income securities, mutual and hedge funds, structured products, life insurance, pension plans, real-estate
investment funds (REITs) and others from XP, its partners and competitors.

Forward Looking Statements

This press release contains "forward-looking
statements" within the meaning of the "safe harbor" provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.
These forward-looking statements are made as of the date they were first issued and were based on current expectations, estimates, forecasts
and projections as well as the beliefs and assumptions of management. Words such as "expect," "anticipate," "should,"
"believe," "hope," “aim,” "target," "project," "goals," "estimate,"
"potential," "predict," "may," "will," "might," "could," "intend,"
variations of these terms or the negative of these terms and similar expressions are intended to identify these statements. Forward-looking
statements are subject to a number of risks and uncertainties, many of which involve factors or circumstances that are beyond XP Inc’s
control. XP, Inc’s actual results could differ materially from those stated or implied in forward-looking statements due to several
factors, including but not limited to: competition, change in clients, regulatory measures, a change the external forces among other factors.

Investor Contact: ir@xpi.com.br

IR Website: investors.xpinc.com